vscode/README.md, before:

---
numbersections: False
diststmt: 'Dist A: Approved for public release: distribution unlimited'
title: VSCODE information
---

# Extensions

- Center Editor Window
- Org Mode (vscode-org-mode)
- Insert Date String
    - <2020-12-11 Fri 08:53> Adjusted format to matup⇧⇧ch Org mode
    - <2020-12-11 Fri 09:00>

# Keyboard

https://code.visualstudio.com/shortcuts/keyboard-shortcuts-macos.pdf

| Key                | Description |
|-                   |-|
| _\DejaSans ^_ l    | Center editor window |
| _\DejaSans ⇧⌘_ i    | Insert org type timestamp |
|                    | |
| _\DejaSans ⌘_ d    | Extend selection |
|                    | |
| _\DejaSans ^_ -    | Previous location |
| _\DejaSans ⇧^_ -    | Next location |
|                    | |
| _\DejaSans ^_ PgUp | Scroll up line |
| _\DejaSans ^_ PgDn | Scroll down line |
| _\DejaSans ⌘_ PgUp | Scroll up page |
| _\DejaSans ⌘_ PgDn | Scroll down page |
|                    | |
| _\DejaSans ⌥⌘↑_    | Insert cursor up |
| _\DejaSans ⌥⌘↓_    | Insert cursor down |
|                    | |
| _\DejaSans ⇧⌘._     | Focus to Breadcrumb |

Commit message:

Common vscode tasks and settings

vscode/README.md, after:

---
numbersections: False
diststmt: 'Dist A: Approved for public release: distribution unlimited'
title: VSCODE information
---

# Extensions

- Center Editor Window
- Org Mode (vscode-org-mode)
    + Not really using this one anymore
- Insert Date String
    - <2020-12-11 Fri 08:53> Adjusted format to match Org mode
    - <2021-01-15 Fri 09:05> Would be nice to be able to select date

# Keyboard

https://code.visualstudio.com/shortcuts/keyboard-shortcuts-macos.pdf

| Key                | Description |
|-                   |-|
| _\DejaSans ^_ l    | Center editor window |
| _\DejaSans ⇧⌘_ i    | Insert org type timestamp |
|                    | |
| _\DejaSans ⌘_ d    | Extend selection |
|                    | |
| _\DejaSans ^_ -    | Previous location |
| _\DejaSans ⇧^_ -    | Next location |
|                    | |
| _\DejaSans ^_ PgUp | Scroll up line |
| _\DejaSans ^_ PgDn | Scroll down line |
| _\DejaSans ⌘_ PgUp | Scroll up page |
| _\DejaSans ⌘_ PgDn | Scroll down page |
|                    | |
| _\DejaSans ⌥⌘↑_    | Insert cursor up |
| _\DejaSans ⌥⌘↓_    | Insert cursor down |
|                    | |
| _\DejaSans ⇧⌘._     | Focus to Breadcrumb |

# File Locations

Files are linked to from `SharedEnvironment`

- User Tasks: 
    + MacOS: `~/Library/Application Support/Code/User/tasks.json`

- User Settings:
    + MacOS: `~/Library/Application Support/Code/User/settings.json`
